hi there my name is Ricardo which I with
argon limited and I'm the International
Business Development Manager and I'm
here to bring to you brand new product
we've got and that is the 4x4
intermediate slotted post liner now what
makes us different all the rest of our
personal is it slop but I'll go into
that in quite a bit of detail in a short
one now before I start let me just
explain a bit about the post so way the
post works is we have a liner a steel
and to stop ends now you place one stop
head into the liner like so my colleague
puts in on the other side it then gets
locked into the steel post and that
creates them a barrier at each end of
the post now each stop these stop ends
can be moved up or down to create a
bigger smaller post as per and ask how
your customer right so at the largest
introduce of 2.9 meters which is roughly
about nine foot and that the smallest
well produces big or small as one two
bit let's boom this 4x4 post and our
standard post is most of us that were
posted five before now what that means
is with a poor before meaning this side
is four inches by four inches you'll get
a lighter products using less concrete
but producing just a stronger product
that you can sell for roughly the same
moment so now I'm going to go into why
is this - for before more special than a
five well it's more special because we
have a brand new as slop so basically I
take this out the slop here or Lisa
shown the slope here is 55 millimeters
or roughly about two inches wide
now that's wider than the standard and
that means that your wooden panels it
might be slightly wider your concrete
panels that might be specialized and may
be slightly wide again will fit into
your concrete fence much easier and less
hassle meaning much easier product to
use overall the four before is like that
so it's easy to transport it's easier to
place and also take up less room in your
yard
overall so if we were to compost how
would we do so well like I said we'd be
putting it to create the barrier in the
middle it both fill in the pocket we
would put a steel cage inside as well as
spraying it with release agent with
something like mists of glory spray is
pretty damn good and then you fill it
full of concrete using maybe something
like that
or a dosa like this so either volumetric
mixer or though sir or even just the
power mixer and it needs me so fill it
full of concrete vibrator when your tape
let all the air go then you leave it to
rest for about 24 hours when that
becomes hard you then tip over so I'll
show you now Co once you've got the
concrete in take it out and actually
then you just flex this line up yeah
crazy thing about polypropylene which
this line is made out of is that it'll
actually flex over a million times we've
taken the post out we now clean them all
that but the t-top bends back in
together and it's ready that's for
another pool so I've been a kadhai
switch for on come and click on the link
below if you want to see more we have
things like booklets instructional
booklets we have Twitter feed a Facebook
feed and YouTube feed it may be on our
channel now so click on the link below